Docs: Updates Icons docs + general updates (#1739)
vtex/faststore: apps/site/pages/docs/component-customization/override-component.mdx

</header>

<Callout type="warning" emoji="⚠️">
  Overriding a component leads you to miss out on performance updates and bug

>   fixes provided by VTEX for that component. We hihgly recommend you to pass

Author: ```suggestion
  fixes provided by VTEX for that component. We highly recommend you to pass
```

</header>

<Callout type="warning" emoji="⚠️">
  Overriding a component leads you to miss out on performance updates and bug
  fixes provided by VTEX for that component. We hihgly recommend you to pass
  additional prop and using our theming tools to achieve the desired behavior
  without missing out on updates and bug fixes from VTEX. Check out the
  available props for each component on [Components
  UI](https://evergreen.faststore.dev/components).
</Callout>

> [Native sections](/tbd) are made up of different components that can be customized or overridden to improve their functionality or appearance in the storefront.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Native sections** are made up of different components that can be customized or overridden to improve their functionality or appearance in the storefront.
```

Reviewer: Since we do not have this doc yet, we should delete the TBD link.

For example, you might want to change the behavior of a Price component to meet your business needs.
In this guide, you'll learn how to customize native section components by overriding them or adding extra props.

{/* {Image or gif of the expected behavior after completing the guide} */}

<Callout type="info" emoji="ℹ️">

>   The `@faststore/core` package provides by default native sections and you can
>   check out the available native sections on
>   [TBD-link-to-native-sections-list](/tbd).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The `@faststore/core` package provides default native sections.
```

Also, take in to consideration the following:

- **This feature is experimental**: The feature may not function as expected.

> - **Some sections contain multiple instances of the same component**: . When overriting a component or passing additional props to it, consider that all instances will be affected by this.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Some sections contain multiple instances of the same component**:  When overriding a component or passing additional props to it, consider that all instances will be affected by this.
```

```

### Step 3 - Overriding or Passing additional props to a component

> 
> In this step, learn how to override or pass additional props to a component to add a new functionality
> to the component or change its apperance.

Author: ```suggestion

In this step, you will learn how to enhance the functionality or appearance of a component by overriding or passing additional props to it.
```

```

### Step 3 - Overriding or Passing additional props to a component

In this step, learn how to override or pass additional props to a component to add a new functionality
to the component or change its apperance.

> For more information on when to override or pass additional prop to a component, and the best practices for overriding components, check the following documentation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

Reviewer: Since we do not have these docs, I believe we should delete this section for now.

> - [Best Practice for overriding components](/tbd-link)
> - [FAQ - When to override or pass additonal prop to a component](/tbd-link)

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
